Important Note:  this license agreement is a modification of the BSD
license. The modifications put certain restrictions on your admission
of using ECJ in in published research results and published software.
I think it's pretty reasonable, but if you req uire a different
license for whatever reason, feel free to contact me at
sean@cs.gmu.edu. 


ECJ OPEN SOURCE LICENSE

This software is Copyright 2000 
By Sean Luke 
All Rights Reserved

By using the source code, binary code files, or related data included
in this distribution, you agree to the following terms of usage for
this software distribution. In this license the Author means Sean
Luke, and the Agent means any person authorized by the Author to
maintain the software at present. You can determine the Agent by
referring to the software's present distribution site (which as of
January 2000 is located at http://www.cs.umd.edu/users/seanl/ecj/ but
is subject to change at any time withou t notice). 

The Author hereby grants you a world-wide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property
claims: 

-  to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and
distribute all or any portion of the source code or binary form of
this software or related data with or without mdifications, or as
part of a larger work; and

-  under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by the Author,
to make, have made, use and sell ("Utilize") all or any portion of
the source code or binary form of this software or related data, but
solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to
enable you to Utilize all or any portion of the source code or binary
form of this software or related data, and not to any greater extent
that may be necessary to Utilize further modifications or
combinations. 

In return you agree to the following conditions: 

-  If you redistribute all or any portion of the source code of this
software or related data, it must retain the above copyright notice
and this license and disclaimer. 

-  If you redistribute all or any portion of this code in binary
form, you must include the above copyright notice and this license
and disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
with the distribution. 

-  You must not use the Author's name to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without the specific prior written
permission of the Author. 

-  If you publish research results derived through the use of all or
any portion of this software or related data, you must make a
reasonable effort to inform the Agent and provide the Agent with a
reference to your published results. If a reasonable effort fails,
but the Author or Agent later requests this reference, you must
provide it. You must also acknowledge the use of this software in
print in the body of your publication, unless your publication is two
pages in length or less in published form. 

-  If you distribute or publish publically-available modifications to
all or any portion of this software or related data, or produce a
product for sale or for license which includes all or any portion of
this software, you must you must make a reasonable
 effort to inform the Agent and provide the Agent with a reference to
your publically-available modifications or product. If a reasonable
effort fails, but the Author or Agent later requests this reference,
you must provide it. You must also acknowledge u se of this software
in a prominent, publically-accessible location in said modifications
or product. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE. 

